(chore) align React and Vue docs; align prop/param descriptions (#1814)
clerk/clerk-docs: docs/references/react/use-auth.mdx

</Properties>

## How to use the `useAuth()` hook

> [!NOTE]
> For Next.js applications, it's recommended to use the [`auth()`](/docs/references/nextjs/auth) helper instead of `useAuth()`. Since `auth()` works in server components, you'll need to pass auth data to Client Components as needed. If you prefer `useAuth()`, enable it by passing the `dynamic` prop to `<ClerkProvider>`, but be aware this switches to dynamic rendering. Learn more [here](/docs/references/nextjs/rendering-modes).

Use `useAuth()` to access the authentication state and fetch data using a session token:

```tsx {{ filename: 'ExternalDataPage.tsx' }}
import { useAuth } from '@clerk/clerk-react'

export default function ExternalDataPage() {
  const { getToken, isLoaded, isSignedIn } = useAuth()

  const fetchExternalData = async () => {
    const token = await getToken()

    // Fetch data from an external API
    const response = await fetch('https://api.example.com/data', {
      headers: {
        Authorization: `Bearer ${token}`,
      },
    })

    return response.json()
  }

  if (!isLoaded) {
    return <div>Loading...</div>
  }

  if (!isSignedIn) {
    return <div>Sign in to view this page</div>
  }

>   return <div>{/* Add your component content here */}</div>

Author: https://github.com/clerk/clerk-docs/pull/1814/commits/826b80d6d5ffa8796755dc663b34e8c45a7ad461

  A function that signs out the current user. Returns a promise that resolves when complete. See the [reference doc](/docs/references/javascript/clerk/clerk#sign-out).

  - `getToken()`
  - `(options?: GetTokenOptions) => Promise<string | null>`

  A function that retrieves the current user's session token or a custom JWT template. Returns a promise that resolves to the token. See the [reference doc](/docs/references/javascript/session#get-token).

  ---

  - `has()`
  - `(isAuthorizedParams: CheckAuthorizationParamsWithCustomPermissions) => boolean`

  A function that checks if the user has specific permissions or roles. See the [reference doc](/docs/references/nextjs/auth-object#has).
</Properties>

## How to use the `useAuth()` hook

> [!NOTE]
> For Next.js applications, it's recommended to use the [`auth()`](/docs/references/nextjs/auth) helper instead of `useAuth()`. Since `auth()` must be used in Server Components, you'll need to pass auth data to Client Components as needed. If you prefer `useAuth()`, you must pass the `dynamic` prop to `<ClerkProvider>`, but be aware this switches the app to dynamic rendering. Learn more [here](/docs/references/nextjs/rendering-modes).

> The following example uses the `useAuth()` hook to access the `getToken()` method which is used to fetch data from an external API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example demonstrates how to use the `useAuth()` hook to access the current auth state, like whether the user is signed in or not. It also includes a basic example for using the `getToken()` method to retrieve a session token for fetching data from an external resource.
```

> The following example uses the `useAuth()` hook to fetch data from an external API using a session token. The `getToken()` method is used to retrieve the token.

Reviewer: I still wouldn't say this is correct, as per my last comment:
You don't use useAuth() to fetch data using a session token. You use useAuth() to access the getToken() method, which gives you your session token. Then you can use your session token to fetch data

Author: https://github.com/clerk/clerk-docs/pull/1814/commits/d241fcb7a57c0f63d82c4b846d398fc5f850a094
